# Attributes

This module provide composable schema validation tools.

## Primary validators (_validate*_)

### validateString
Expect _value_ to be a non empty string.

### validateObject
Expect _value_ to be an object.

### validateArray
Expect _value_ to be an array (can be empty array).

### validateBoolean
Expect _value_ to be a boolean.

### validateStringList
Expect _value_ to an array of non empty string

### validateStringSet
Expect _value_ to an array of non empty string and returns a set of strings.


## Composable validators (_*validator_)

Composable validators allow creation of validate function.

### chain
Validate a chain of validators

### defaultValueValidator
If _value_ is undefined, returns _defaultValue_ otherwize returns _validator_ result.

### dynamicDefaultValueValidator
If _value_ is undefined, returns _createDefaultValue(a0)_ otherwize returns _validator_ result.

### functionValidator
Call _value_ as a function.

### listValidator
Validate values of an array and return an array with only valid values.

### setValidator
Validate values of an array and return a set with only valid values.

### objectValidator
Validate attribute values of an object according to _extensions_ definition.

### mapValidator
Validate a list of complex objects and returns a _Map_ where each entry is the validated value and an object that matches _extensions_ definition.

### groupValidator
Validate a list of complex objects and returns an aggregated array where each entry is the validated values and an object that matches _extensions_ definition.

### reducedListValidator
Validate values of an array and return value generated by the _reduce_ function.


## Super validators (_super*_)

### superValidateList

Validate value is an array and for each value that matches _validator_, call _push(value)_

### superFillDefaults

Fill an object with default values provided by _extensions_.

### superFill

Validate values in _attr_ according to _extensions_ definition.
If a value doesn't match its validator, the default value set in the extension is used.

### superValidateComplex

Validate a _complex_ value:

 - if it's an object with a value attribute, the value is validated and sibling attributes in the object are validated according to _extensions_ definition.
 - if it's the value directly, the value is validated and the resulting object is filled with default values provided by _extensions_

## Validator factories

