TargetElement
======

`target` elements are instanciated to `TargetElement`.
TargetElement components aren't injected at resolution time because to satisfy injection specification, 
all components must be injected at once and the final list of components to inject is only known when the environment is known.
An exception is made for the `environments` attribute because:

  - the list of `environments` is required to pick the environement
  - `environments` are often provided by components injection
  - `environmentsByEnvironment` attribute has no meaning, thus it is ignored


TargetExportsElement
======

Holds exported make.js definition. 
It is either directly generated by the corresponding target if the project that hold the target exists or by loading the exported make.js.
__TODO__: spec of exported make.js location and implications.

This element is interpreted as a component, which means is attributes are injected to the requesting target.

Targets can automatically generate this element with the `createExportsElement` method after configuring the target.

BuildTargetElement
==================

This element is the result of the injection of environment related elements (EnvironmentElement, TargetExportsElement, ...) to the target element.
It's used directly by the target `attributes` property.

#### `constructor`

 - copy target attributes to itself
 - setup the is, variant and environment attributes
 - inject the environment
 - inject components and componentsByEnvironment tree
 - resolve dependencies (ie. targets)
 - resolve remaining attributes
 
#### `__injectElements(reporter: Reporter, elements: Element[])`

Inject attributes of each elements with respect to some constraints.

If the injected attribute is an array for each elements, then the resulting value is the concatenation of the arrays.
Othewize if the attribute is defined by multiple elements, nothing is done and a warning is raised.
If the attribute is defined by one element and doesn't exists in the final element, it's injected.
